hey guys in this video I will be showing
the basic camera controls and operations
for the sims 4 using your keyboard I
will be showing you how to change your
camera angle up and down zoom your
camera in and out and rotate your camera
to the left or to the right the first
thing you want to do is go to the upper
right portion of your screen and click
on the options menu next you'll want to
click on the game options and then click
on the controls and camera now once this
opens you'll see the sims 3 camera
option you want to ensure that it has
the white checkmark with the green
border around it if it does not have
that it is not selected and you must
select it click on apply changes and
then exit out of your next two menus
the first camera control we're going to
talk about is changing your camera angle
up and down to do this you simply hold
in the control button and press up or
press down on your arrow keys the next
control we're going to talk about is
zooming in and out it's fairly simple
you have the Z button and the X button
the Z button zooms in and the X button
zooms out the next camera control we're
going to talk about is rotating your
camera to the left and to the right if
you look on your keyboard between the
end button and the question mark button
you should see two directional arrows
one going left and one going right the
left one obviously goes left and the
right one obviously goes to the right
that is it for the basic camera controls
and operations for the sims 4 if you
enjoyed the video click the like button
and if you want to subscribe please do